We get up early, have some coffee and pack a bag. Then we set off - we park on the low road some 600m below the original Meteora monastery which looms above us on a huge hunk of rock. In the ‘coolness’ of the morning (24 Degrees) we set off climbing throughthe forest. Spiderwebs criss cross the path so we know we are the first to attempt it today, We cross streambeds and steadily climb - after half an hour we are among rocky crags and the sun creeps into the valleys - a full hour of climbing takes us up to the stairs carved into the rock to enter the monastery as it opens.
This is the oldest monastery here and the largest - the stone stairway is impressive and the net incredible (the net was the only way to enter a clean 200m+ drop which you could come up by a hand pulled winch - even for me looking down here is difficult).

The old infirmary is a lovely octagonal building now housing the relics and ancient documents of the order. Minutely carved wooden crosses and velvet covered bibles with embossed silver spines and covers are my favourites. The main chapel has the skull of the founder all wrapped up in silver. There are collections of old carpentry and farming tools and a huge barrel. Also an ossory with gleaming clean bones.

The kitchen is kept as it was in the 1500’s - looks like an horrific place to work; hot, smoky and dirty. We avoid the early tour groups and have some easy time here - just outside we find a quiet spot and eat our food and drink the cold beer we brought - then forward to Vaarlem - the second oldest monastery!
