This place reminds me of Cuba in that things are not very well sign posted. We make our way to Pigi which is a tiny, empty collection of houses. Hard to call it a village even. Then park and wander for a while to find a monastery.

Eventually we find a beautiful pine-lined road that leads there. I have visions of Tolkien. The landscape here is green, wooded, mossy with very tall trees above and pine needles below. In the not so far distance the sea is visible - almost always so on an island. The monastic space is so quiet, peaceful and beautiful. I’m really glad we are here with no other people. When the two german men arrive they fit our vibe well. We chat quietly about our holidays (they have business in Greece and visited this place for a holiday) and how lovely the space is, other than this we just quietly share the same space. We haven't plucked up courage to open the door under the hover hanging rock - the talkative German went up and did this first then the rest of us copied him.

The lizards were amazing. We noticed them after the Germans left when we came back from exploring the pretty wooded slope behind the chapel. Then they were everywhere - mostly green fast smallish ones. And then the large dragon like, grey , armoured, sharp clawed camouflaged one arrived. The colours in the chapel and church are bright and colourful - pink, blue, orange ect.

The long beach we walk is unusual for being sandy. It has three interesting signs where you can park (although it’s alongside a road so you could park anywhere and wonder down), no nudism, no free camping and no pets swimming. The last is interesting - we assume it means no pets on the beach. Why would you not let them swim? When we leave we see a group of dogs in a corral on the side. Perhaps this is where people leave there dog when they come to the beach?
